.. title:: Home

.. raw:: html

    <div class="banner">
        <h1>WaveFD</h1>
    </div>


.. attention::

    **This package is in early stages development**.
    We welcome any feedback and ideas!
    Let us know by submitting
    `issues on Github <https://github.com/fatiando/wavefd/issues>`__
    or send us a message on our
    `Gitter chatroom <https://gitter.im/fatiando/fatiando>`__.


Getting started
---------------


.. note::

    **Found a typo?**
    You can fix it by clicking on "Improve this page" at the top of every page.
    Some pages are autogenerated and can't be edited so you'll be prompted to
    report an issue instead.
    We really appreciate the help!



Project goals
-------------

* Simple 2D elastic seismic wave propagation.
* Integration with the Jupyter notebook.
* Use for education first.

Contacting Us
-------------

* Most discussion happens `on Github <https://github.com/fatiando/wavefd>`__.
  Feel free to `open an issue
  <https://github.com/fatiando/wavefd/issues/new>`__ or comment
  on any open issue or pull request.
* We have `chat room on Gitter <https://gitter.im/fatiando/fatiando>`__
  where you can ask questions and leave comments.
* Please note that this project follows a `Contributor Code of Conduct
  <https://github.com/fatiando/wavefd/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md>`__.
  By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.


Contributing
------------

Please read our
`Contributing Guide <https://github.com/fatiando/wavefd/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md>`__
to see how you can help and give feedback.


Imposter syndrome disclaimer
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

**We want your help.** No, really.

There may be a little voice inside your head that is telling you that you're
not ready to be an open source contributor; that your skills aren't nearly good
enough to contribute.
What could you possibly offer?

We assure you that the little voice in your head is wrong.

**Being a contributor doesn't just mean writing code**.
Equality important contributions include:
writing or proof-reading documentation, suggesting or implementing tests, or
even giving feedback about the project (including giving feedback about the
contribution process).
If you're coming to the project with fresh eyes, you might see the errors and
assumptions that seasoned contributors have glossed over.
If you can write any code at all, you can contribute code to open source.
We are constantly trying out new skills, making mistakes, and learning from
those mistakes.
That's how we all improve and we are happy to help others learn.

*This disclaimer was adapted from the*
`MetPy project <https://github.com/Unidata/MetPy>`__.


Related projects
----------------



License
-------

This is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the :ref:`BSD 3-clause License <license>`.



.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2
    :hidden:
    :caption: Documentation

    tutorials/index.rst
    install.rst
    api/index.rst
    license.rst
    references.rst
